he got that fish yet oh yeah yeah did
happen not exactly the old man met his
greatest adversary just when he thought
that part of his life is over why didn't
he just let the fishies go
oh man's got to be the old man fish he's
got to be the fish got to be who you are
in this world huh
no matter what your power less you have
to push little dollies that's your old
job did you guilty as charged
can you do a refund for me when you're
done open the register open right now
move give me that ring okay Jenny what's
your knowing about it is about a guy
who's a knight in shining armor except
he lives in a world where Knights don't
exist anymore
[Music]
think you can be anything you want to be
change the world
I promise I would never go back to being
that person but when somebody does
something unspeakable there's no you
hardly knew you do something about it
cuz you can be about a girl sixteen
seconds
[Music]
[Applause]
19 seconds he didn't take out five pimps
you took out the East Coast hub of the
Russian mafia a man with his skill I
want to know who we really hit he won't
stop until he kills you and anyone you
care about
this goes all the way to the top
[Music]
I know because I can keep going brick by
brick body by body what do you see when
you look at me what do you see when
you're looking at me it's too late the
start
Oh
[Music]
finger thing I know